# Marketplace
The client desires an online marketplace where they can sell goods (and possibly services) to customers geographically dispersed around the world. Think Amazon but on a smaller scale and budget. Their desire is to have a system that is constructed in a portable language (Java) and makes use of their existing network. The system itself should present a view for the customer to interact with as well as a view for the employees or administrators of the company to interface with. For the customer there is a need for them to be able to browse available products – this should present the customer with the type, description and price of the item with the options to add to their shopping cart. If the customer attempts to add a quantity of the item more than the current supply the system should prevent the customer from adding these and prompt them with a message on the availability of the item. The customer should be able to also purchase their items from the shopping cart. The administrators should be able to update an item’s description within the system, update its price, and update its quantity. The administrator should also be able to remove items from the system if so desired. Administrators should be able to add other administrators as well as add/remove customer accounts. A customer should be able to initially register for their account by themselves. The system should handle any faults or unexpected scenarios gracefully. It should be reliable and should allow for multiple customer requests during the course of execution.
